# whitepaper V1.0.0

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
# Ethereum Validators
## What is a Validator?
In the simplest of terms, a Validator on the Ethereum Network (Proof of Stake Chain) is a part of the consensus mechanism that verifies blockchain actions. These Validators ensure that transactions on the Ethereum Network are accurate and legitimate, and are the main component to ensuring the smooth operation of the entire blockchain. Through voting for transaction legitimacy, finality, and new block proposals these validators take the place of the previous Ethereum Proof of Work miners.

To run a Validator, you are required to run 3 different pieces of software as close to 100% uptime as possible. These include: an execution client, a consensus client, and a validator. You will also be required to lock and stake 32 ETH as collateral for the ethical operation of your Validator. In the event of good attestations, your Validator will earn ETH from each proposed block. In the event of malpractice, this ETH may be penalized and/or slashed based on the severity of the incident. As Validators ensure the security and accuracy of the Ethereum Network, they are the most important component to its operation. 


## Why do we need BPL Vaidator Pools ?

As stated previously, the main reason we started Ethereum Bounty Protocol is that we understand most users in Decentralized Finance and the crypto space do not have a spare 32 ETH lying around that they can lock up to operate a Validator.
The issue with this is that centralized entities are able to offer staking to their users based on their existing economies of scale.

$Bounty Protocol leverages crowdfunding through transaction fees to generate funds that will be used to host Validators for the entire $BPL community, so long as they are staked. This eliminates the strain on a single user to produce 32 ETH alone, and removes the headache of managing the required software components.

We are currently setting up a second Validator and anticipate seeing continued growth in our Validator Fleet over the coming months, and an increase in our influence over the Ethereum Network.

At the moment, Decentralized Finance is in a tough place where adoption is difficult due to the complexity of protocols, time requirements, and the depth of the networks. Validation and hosting might seem easy in comparison to mining; however, there are still complications that come with running software and hardware 24/7. A centralized platform's greatest advantage in Validator operation is the simplicity of their staking platforms. Users sign up, deposit their funds, and stake their ETH, all without the need for a proper wallet. Although it is unlikely to attain such simplicity as a centralized entity, Ethereum Hive hopes to bring more users into the world of DeFi by making participation in the Ethereum Network more approachable and manageable for the average cryptocurrency user. Educating users on the importance of decentralization and our protocol is only half of the battle. We must provide new users of cryptocurrency with a simple and transparent means to participate in the network to allow DeFi to speak for itself. Ethereum Hive aims to set a precedent by remaining as simple as possible. In the most basic of terms our Validation service can be summarized by the following 3 points:
* Yield comes directly from validation of the Ethereum Network and the respective transaction fees.  More Validators = More Yield
* Operation of Validator hardware and software is completely handled by the Ethereum Hive team, with the goal of maximum uptime.
* Staking and Claiming of $BPL and $ETH rewards are entirely available on our website's dashboard without the need to interact directly with a contract interface.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## Rewards

The $ETH rewards come directly from the operation of our Validators on the Ethereum Blockchain. As of September 15, 2022, the Ethereum Network is operating as a Proof of Stake (POS) Blockchain. This means that there are no longer the traditional Ethereum miners as there once was. Now, they are replaced by a Validator system which confirms and attests to transactions in exchange for the $ETH transaction fee. On the $BPL token there is a 3% tax on buys and sells of the token that are directly invested in purchasing Validators. Every time we accumulate 32 ETH, we purchase another Validator that will then have its rewards distributed into the Validator Pool. The more Validators under operation at Ethereum BPL, the more rewards that are distributed to $BPL stakers. 100% of $ETH generated by the Validators will be distributed to holders, based on their dominance, after hosting and operational fees are covered (hosting and operational fees include server upgrades, maintenance, and electrical costs).

<!-- ROADMAP -->
## Roadmap

- [x] Social & WebSite & Token Launch
- [x] Staking/Validator dApp Launch
- [ ] CG/CMC/One Major CEX Listing
- [ ] Adding 10 Validators
- [ ] Improve the Validators Performance
- [ ] S3D Validaotr Pool
- [ ] Validator Performance Dashboard
- [ ] Accelerator Dashboard
- [ ] Validator Pad

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTACT -->
## Contact

Twitter/Mail - [@BountyProtocol](https://twitter.com/BountyProtocol) - info@bountyprotocol.net

Project Link: [https://app.bountyprotocol.net](https://www.bountyprotocol.net/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>




